Modularization guidelines (#15)
SPLURT-Station/S.P.L.U.R.T-tg: README.md

## Contribution Rules and Guidelines

**1. Do Not Be A Dick**

> - The S.P.L.U.R.T. main repository is run by and contributed by volunteers. Please be considerate with the people who help maintaining our station. We reserve the right to permanently remove anyone who does not show both our contributor's and maintainer's common decency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The S.P.L.U.R.T. main repository is run by and contributed by volunteers. Please be considerate with the people who help maintain our codebase. We reserve the right to permanently remove anyone who does not show both our contributors and maintainers common decency.
```

- You are entitled to credit yourself with comments and you are entitled to waive the attribution requirement choosing not to be identified as the creator if you wish.
- If you do not like how your assets were modified or used, it is required that the other person [remove the attribution information upon request](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/wiki/License_Versions#Licensors_may_request_removal_of_attribution).
- Modifications or adaptions must disclose the source, the author, and [any changes you've made](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/wiki/License_Versions#Modifications_and_adaptations_must_be_indicated).

> - Goonstation code is incompatible with this codebase and will not be accepted.

Reviewer: Why was this removed? Goonstation code cannot be used, it's licensed under a Creative Commons Share-Alike license, which is incompatible with the GPL and AGPL families of licenses.
